Get seeds and peers from repo and update config (#120)
tharsis/evmos: docs/testnet/join.md

seeds = "<node-id>@<ip>:<p2p port>"
```

> You can use following code to get seeds from repo and add it to your config
> ```bash
> SEEDS=`curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tharsis/testnets/main/olympus_mons/seeds.txt | awk '{print $1}' | paste -s -d, -`
> sed -i.bak -e "s/^seeds =.*/seeds = \"$SEEDS\"/" ~/.evmosd/config/config.toml
> ```
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following code to get seeds from the repo and add it to your config:

```bash
SEEDS=`curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tharsis/testnets/main/olympus_mons/seeds.txt | awk '{print $1}' | paste -s -d, -`
sed -i.bak -e "s/^seeds =.*/seeds = \"$SEEDS\"/" ~/.evmosd/config/config.toml
```

```

Author: Oh, sorry for my poor English, I was not very attentive after a sleepless night. Thank you for correcting my mistakes.

We can set the [`persistent_peers`](https://docs.tendermint.com/master/tendermint-core/using-tendermint.html#persistent-peer) field in `~/.evmosd/config/config.toml` to specify peers that your node will maintain persistent connections with. You can retrieve them from the list of
available peers on the [`testnets`](https://github.com/tharsis/testnets) repo.

> A list of available persistent peers is also available in the `#find-peers` channel in the [Evmos Discord](https://discord.gg/trje9XuAmy). You can get a random 10 entries from the peers.txt file in the PEERS variable by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of available persistent peers is also available in the `#find-peers` channel in the [Evmos Discord](https://discord.gg/trje9XuAmy). You can get a random 10 entries from the `peers.txt` file in the `PEERS` variable by running the following command:
```
